Az/fix logs (#1372)
opencv/cvat: CHANGELOG.md

- Hidden points (or outsided) are visible after changing a frame
- Merge is allowed for points, but clicks on points conflict with frame dragging logic
- Removed objects are visible for search

> - Exception logs in the new UI (missed fields: task_id and job_id)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add missed task_id and job_id fields into exception logs for the new UI (https://github.com/opencv/cvat/pull/1372) 
```
